Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create our poster class for purchase history to do it under the
repository package, we will create a purchase history repository interface.
Purchase History Repository will extend G.P.A. repository J-P repositories and abstract laws implemented
by skippering JPA repository with G.P.A. repository, SPRINK will handle basic database operations automatically
like, say, updates, find biodegraded by idea, etc..
We know already know these details because from the previous lessons also reports, it automatically
generates queries from the method names.
GBE repository has to generate parameters, first parameters for the middle class and the second parameter
is for the idea of the middle class.
So our middle class will be purchase history and our idea class will be long.
Now we can create our custom queries if we want to find the purchase of the user.
We can't find it directly with defined by user I.D. method, but this is only user I.D. and boogity.
We want to find book titles also on results.
So we want to also find a custom result in J-P repository.
We can write custom queries and these queries can include table joints and the result of these queries
can be custom objects to handle them.
We can use projections on spring.
We can create projection and spring directly map query results with a license.
Now let's create our projection class.
First of all, we will create a projection package under the repository package.
Then I'll carry the purchase item projection interface in Sebring, we can describe projections with
interfaces because for projections we only need GETER methods so we can easily handle it with an interface
than our projection fields will be title price and purchase time.
We will describe the GETER methods for each of them in our query.
We should describe them one by one with Elías.
Now we can create our query.
We can create a method like find all purchases of use it.
As a result, we will return a list of purchase item projections and we will expect use ridi as a parameter.
On our equity, we will run the basic joint clearing our joint equity will be between Wuk and purchase
history.
We can use left join, then we will join them on book idee.
Our weather condition will be on user ID and we will take it from the perimeter.
Finally, we will return fields like we describe in the projection glass to match the field so we can
use alias.
Here, we will also need save purchase and delayed purchase, but the basic operations that are provided
by JP reports are in default will be enough for us.
OK, that's all about purchase history.
Pusser implementation.
Thank you.